Feature/autotools create pkg (#3622)
conan-io/docs: examples/tools/autotools/create_your_first_package.rst

.. _examples_tools_autotools_create_first_package:

Create your first Conan package with Autotools
==============================================

> .. warning::
> 
>   This example only works in Linux and OSX, but not in Windows (even if using msys2/cygwin subsystems,
>   WSL shouldn't be a problem it is Linux). There is some provision in Conan with ``win_bash = True``
>   to be able to work with Autotools in Windows subsystems, but not working in this example.

Reviewer: Same suggestion than the other

```suggestion
.. warning::

  This example will only work for Linux and OSX environments and does not support Windows directly, including msys2/cygwin subsystems.
  However, Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) should work since it provides a Linux environment. While Conan offers `win_bash = True` 
  for some level of support in Windows environments with Autotools, it's not applicable in this tutorial.

```
